Congratulations. You've made it to the end of the course.
This course is a huge first step in your journey to becoming a blockchain developer.
Throughout this course, we discussed fundamental concepts underlying
the blockchain and got started managing your identity on the blockchain.
Our goal was to get you comfortable with
these new ideas and to prepare you to complete your first project,
where you'll begin managing your own blockchain identity.
At this point, you're ready to go ahead and complete the project.
We've provided a quick summary of everything we've covered so far down below the video.
Take a minute to review this if you like,
and when you're ready, go ahead and get started on the project.
We're excited to see your submission.
And when you're done, we'll see you in the next course.